1. Give up comparison
-----------------------
"Comparison is the thief of joy." –Theodore Roosevelt

Most of us are in the habit of comparing ourselves to others, and the result is often lowered self-esteem if they're ahead of us. We're all at different starting points and all have different circumstances, so this sort of comparison is useless and toxic.

Instead of looking at others' highlight reels, set goals just for yourself. The only person you should aim to be better than is your past self.

2. Give up bad body language
-----------------------------
Most of us are guilty of getting into a "defensive" stance, like slouching and crossing our arms, when things get stressful and we start to feel less confident in the office. What you might not realize is that this makes the situation exponentially worse.

Studies show that poor body language can greatly reduce your confidence. The good news is that the reverse is also true: Adopting a "Superhero Pose," standing loud and proud, boosts self-assurance.

3. Give up on what you can't control
-------------------------------------

When things go astray in life, our natural reaction is to play the blame game with ourselves. Learning from your mistakes is one thing, but blaming yourself for outside forces is a different matter.

Successful entrepreneur Tim Ferriss avoids this by practicing "Stoicism" and only worrying about things that he can change. "This decreases emotional reactivity, which can be a superpower," he says.

4. Give up negative self-talk
------------------------------

Studies show we say hundreds of words to ourselves every minute. If you're in the habit of talking down to yourself, as many of us are, that's a lot of unnecessary negativity being thrown your way.

Your attitude does affect your success. So, although it's tempting to host a self-pity party, take the time to recognize when negative thoughts do happen, and make a concrete effort to stop them in their tracks. Trust me: a positive mentality pays off big in the long-run.

5. Give up scarcity mindset

We're often brighter and more talented than we give ourselves credit for, and the scarcity mindset is largely to blame. This mindset makes us think we're limited in our abilities or talents, or that there's only so much luck and success to go around, and it's been proven to lead to a less successful life.

Instead, studies recommend you adopt an abundance mentality to turbocharge your confidence and success. Rather than believing you're only talented in one area, remind yourself you shouldn't be afraid to tackle new challenges. The results will usually surprise you.

6. Give up on reliving your failures

As Barbara Corcoran once said, "The difference between successful people and others is how long they spend time feeling sorry for themselves."

Although I'm a huge advocate of learning from mistakes, you aren't doing yourself any favors if you continue to dwell on them. Instead, try to heed Corcoran's advice and just move on.
